---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dub_link Data Source - terraform-provider-dub"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Link DataSource
---

# dub_link (Data Source)

Link DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "dub_link" "my_link" {
  domain      = "...my_domain..."
  external_id = "123456"
  id          = "clux0rgak00011..."
  key         = "...my_key..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique ID of the short link.

### Optional

- `domain` (String)
- `external_id` (String) This is the ID of the link in the your database.
- `key` (String) The key of the link to retrieve. E.g. for `d.to/github`, the key is `github`.

### Read-Only

- `android` (String) The Android destination URL for the short link for Android device targeting.
- `archived` (Boolean) Whether the short link is archived.
- `clicks` (Number) The number of clicks on the short link.
- `comments` (String) The comments for the short link.
- `created_at` (String) The date and time when the short link was created.
- `description` (String) The description of the short link. Will be used for Custom Link Previews if `proxy` is true.
- `do_index` (Boolean) Whether to allow search engines to index the short link.
- `expired_url` (String) The URL to redirect to when the short link has expired.
- `expires_at` (String) The date and time when the short link will expire in ISO-8601 format.
- `folder_id` (String) The unique ID of the folder assigned to the short link.
- `geo` (Attributes) Geo targeting information for the short link in JSON format `{[COUNTRY]: https://example.com }`. Learn more: https://d.to/geo (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--geo))
- `image` (String) The image of the short link. Will be used for Custom Link Previews if `proxy` is true.
- `ios` (String) The iOS destination URL for the short link for iOS device targeting.
- `last_clicked` (String) The date and time when the short link was last clicked.
- `leads` (Number) The number of leads the short links has generated.
- `partner_id` (String) The ID of the partner the short link is associated with.
- `password` (String) The password required to access the destination URL of the short link.
- `program_id` (String) The ID of the program the short link is associated with.
- `project_id` (String, Deprecated) The project ID of the short link. This field is deprecated – use `workspaceId` instead.
- `proxy` (Boolean) Whether the short link uses Custom Link Previews feature.
- `public_stats` (Boolean) Whether the short link's stats are publicly accessible.
- `qr_code` (String) The full URL of the QR code for the short link (e.g. `https://api.dub.co/qr?url=https://dub.sh/try`).
- `rewrite` (Boolean) Whether the short link uses link cloaking.
- `sale_amount` (Number) The total dollar amount of sales the short links has generated (in cents).
- `sales` (Number) The number of sales the short links has generated.
- `short_link` (String) The full URL of the short link, including the https protocol (e.g. `https://dub.sh/try`).
- `tag_id` (String, Deprecated) The unique ID of the tag assigned to the short link. This field is deprecated – use `tags` instead.
- `tags` (Attributes List) The tags assigned to the short link. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `tenant_id` (String) The ID of the tenant that created the link inside your system. If set, it can be used to fetch all links for a tenant.
- `test_completed_at` (String) The date and time when the tests were or will be completed.
- `test_started_at` (String) The date and time when the tests started.
- `test_variants` (Attributes List) An array of A/B test URLs and the percentage of traffic to send to each URL. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--test_variants))
- `title` (String) The title of the short link. Will be used for Custom Link Previews if `proxy` is true.
- `track_conversion` (Boolean) Whether to track conversions for the short link.
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time when the short link was last updated.
- `url` (String) The destination URL of the short link.
- `user_id` (String) The user ID of the creator of the short link.
- `utm_campaign` (String) The UTM campaign of the short link.
- `utm_content` (String) The UTM content of the short link.
- `utm_medium` (String) The UTM medium of the short link.
- `utm_source` (String) The UTM source of the short link.
- `utm_term` (String) The UTM term of the short link.
- `video` (String) The custom link preview video (og:video). Will be used for Custom Link Previews if `proxy` is true. Learn more: https://d.to/og
- `webhook_ids` (List of String) The IDs of the webhooks that the short link is associated with.
- `workspace_id` (String) The workspace ID of the short link.

<a id="nestedatt--geo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `geo`

Read-Only:

- `ad` (String)
- `ae` (String)
- `af` (String)
- `ag` (String)
- `ai` (String)
- `al` (String)
- `am` (String)
- `ao` (String)
- `aq` (String)
- `ar` (String)
- `as` (String)
- `at` (String)
- `au` (String)
- `aw` (String)
- `ax` (String)
- `az` (String)
- `ba` (String)
- `bb` (String)
- `bd` (String)
- `be` (String)
- `bf` (String)
- `bg` (String)
- `bh` (String)
- `bi` (String)
- `bj` (String)
- `bl` (String)
- `bm` (String)
- `bn` (String)
- `bo` (String)
- `bq` (String)
- `br` (String)
- `bs` (String)
- `bt` (String)
- `bv` (String)
- `bw` (String)
- `by` (String)
- `bz` (String)
- `ca` (String)
- `cc` (String)
- `cd` (String)
- `cf` (String)
- `cg` (String)
- `ch` (String)
- `ci` (String)
- `ck` (String)
- `cl` (String)
- `cm` (String)
- `cn` (String)
- `co` (String)
- `cr` (String)
- `cu` (String)
- `cv` (String)
- `cw` (String)
- `cx` (String)
- `cy` (String)
- `cz` (String)
- `de` (String)
- `dj` (String)
- `dk` (String)
- `dm` (String)
- `do` (String)
- `dz` (String)
- `ec` (String)
- `ee` (String)
- `eg` (String)
- `eh` (String)
- `er` (String)
- `es` (String)
- `et` (String)
- `fi` (String)
- `fj` (String)
- `fk` (String)
- `fm` (String)
- `fo` (String)
- `fr` (String)
- `ga` (String)
- `gb` (String)
- `gd` (String)
- `ge` (String)
- `gf` (String)
- `gg` (String)
- `gh` (String)
- `gi` (String)
- `gl` (String)
- `gm` (String)
- `gn` (String)
- `gp` (String)
- `gq` (String)
- `gr` (String)
- `gs` (String)
- `gt` (String)
- `gu` (String)
- `gw` (String)
- `gy` (String)
- `hk` (String)
- `hm` (String)
- `hn` (String)
- `hr` (String)
- `ht` (String)
- `hu` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `ie` (String)
- `il` (String)
- `im` (String)
- `in` (String)
- `io` (String)
- `iq` (String)
- `ir` (String)
- `is` (String)
- `it` (String)
- `je` (String)
- `jm` (String)
- `jo` (String)
- `jp` (String)
- `ke` (String)
- `kg` (String)
- `kh` (String)
- `ki` (String)
- `km` (String)
- `kn` (String)
- `kp` (String)
- `kr` (String)
- `kw` (String)
- `ky` (String)
- `kz` (String)
- `la` (String)
- `lb` (String)
- `lc` (String)
- `li` (String)
- `lk` (String)
- `lr` (String)
- `ls` (String)
- `lt` (String)
- `lu` (String)
- `lv` (String)
- `ly` (String)
- `ma` (String)
- `mc` (String)
- `md` (String)
- `me` (String)
- `mf` (String)
- `mg` (String)
- `mh` (String)
- `mk` (String)
- `ml` (String)
- `mm` (String)
- `mn` (String)
- `mo` (String)
- `mp` (String)
- `mq` (String)
- `mr` (String)
- `ms` (String)
- `mt` (String)
- `mu` (String)
- `mv` (String)
- `mw` (String)
- `mx` (String)
- `my` (String)
- `mz` (String)
- `na` (String)
- `nc` (String)
- `ne` (String)
- `nf` (String)
- `ng` (String)
- `ni` (String)
- `nl` (String)
- `no` (String)
- `np` (String)
- `nr` (String)
- `nu` (String)
- `nz` (String)
- `om` (String)
- `pa` (String)
- `pe` (String)
- `pf` (String)
- `pg` (String)
- `ph` (String)
- `pk` (String)
- `pl` (String)
- `pm` (String)
- `pn` (String)
- `pr` (String)
- `ps` (String)
- `pt` (String)
- `pw` (String)
- `py` (String)
- `qa` (String)
- `re` (String)
- `ro` (String)
- `rs` (String)
- `ru` (String)
- `rw` (String)
- `sa` (String)
- `sb` (String)
- `sc` (String)
- `sd` (String)
- `se` (String)
- `sg` (String)
- `sh` (String)
- `si` (String)
- `sj` (String)
- `sk` (String)
- `sl` (String)
- `sm` (String)
- `sn` (String)
- `so` (String)
- `sr` (String)
- `ss` (String)
- `st` (String)
- `sv` (String)
- `sx` (String)
- `sy` (String)
- `sz` (String)
- `tc` (String)
- `td` (String)
- `tf` (String)
- `tg` (String)
- `th` (String)
- `tj` (String)
- `tk` (String)
- `tl` (String)
- `tm` (String)
- `tn` (String)
- `to` (String)
- `tr` (String)
- `tt` (String)
- `tv` (String)
- `tw` (String)
- `tz` (String)
- `ua` (String)
- `ug` (String)
- `um` (String)
- `us` (String)
- `uy` (String)
- `uz` (String)
- `va` (String)
- `vc` (String)
- `ve` (String)
- `vg` (String)
- `vi` (String)
- `vn` (String)
- `vu` (String)
- `wf` (String)
- `ws` (String)
- `xk` (String)
- `ye` (String)
- `yt` (String)
- `za` (String)
- `zm` (String)
- `zw` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `color` (String) The color of the tag.
- `id` (String) The unique ID of the tag.
- `name` (String) The name of the tag.


<a id="nestedatt--test_variants"></a>
### Nested Schema for `test_variants`

Read-Only:

- `percentage` (Number)
- `url` (String)
